---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


Although I normally prefer to choose my own partners for group work, I was happily surprised that the personalities in my group meshed well with mine. As we determined where our individual skill sets were needed the most, it was relatively easy to divide up the work and communicate major tasks that needed to be accomplished. For my team, I helped write a portion of the code for our file extension in addition to the README file. The objective of our extension is to change the cursor to an emoji. The user will have three options: a hammar, neutral face emoji, and mind-blown emoji. 

So far, we successfully created the extension icon and are currently working on its functionality. Some of the problems we had include: creating a new repository on Github, using the knowledge we gained from the beastify example and apply it in this context, finding a project that is both simple yet interesting to all of us. Ultimately, I am confident that we will be able to tackle all of these challenges by the deadline and successfully create the extension to show to the class and potentially others too. 

I enjoy being a part of a team where I have something to contribute, but am not the only contributor. Thankfully, I am paired up with two other students who make me feel this way and we have had productive discussions inside and outside the classroom to accomplish the assignment. Doing projects such as these demystifies the idea that only seasoned software engineers can build things like this. Despite our extension being simple in concept, it has open my eyes to many other similar projects I can work on in the future. 
