Group Stand-up:

I found the group projects interesting to listen and took notes on projects that seemed easy enough to contribute to (e.g., p5.js project). Certain projects such as Open Food Facts was about to be the project I would have wanted to work on had I not found out about Oppia. I am curious to see the development of this group’s project in particular. I hope we can do another stand-up so that we can continue to hear updates about other group’s progress. 

Project Update:

Since last week, my team and I have made major edits to the original wireframe we designed. The community found our designs a bit too much and it did not cohesively flow with the other aspects of their website. So, in order to better organize the information, we decided to make multiple sites rather than just holding all of the information on one page. Although I took pride in our first draft, I understand that it is important to remember that creating the best user experience trumpets building a site with cool features. We sent our most recent draft of the wireframe to the admins and they only had minor edits for us and ultimately gave us the green light to move forward. 

Wikipedia: 

Wikipedia has helped extremely throughout my academic career. Although when I was in highschool it was frowned upon to use it as a reliable source, I still went on the site for preliminary research on almost everything. I recently found it useful because during my casual searches looking up and reading about women in CS, I found women I aspire to be like ([Rediet Abebe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rediet_Abebe) and [Timnit Gebru](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timnit_Gebru)) on Wikipedia. Which then prompted me to do further research on their work. I wouldn’t have found or even known about either of them had I not been on Wikipedia. 

From an Open Source perspective, the idea of Wikipedia is ingenious. Everyone has a wealth of knowledge about something, and having a platform to aggregate all of that knowledge in various languages is phenomenal. Wikipedia is the starting point of many people's journeys as they investigate a new topic or are looking for quick, accessible information. Although I have not yet contributed, I will be doing so in the near future.
