---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---


Developing Our Project:
This week we focused on wireframing the entire site and writing and designing the content. During our meeting on Friday, Priya, Karishma and I divided up the work and wireframed each portion of the site separately. After hearing feedback from the community admins about what we needed to improve upon, we decided to work on wireframing the entire site together in one sitting on Figma. This was not as challenging as I expected because most of the content was already written from the first time we drafted portions of the site but it was challenging creatively as we discussed the best way to display the information without it becoming overwhelming. 

Goals for This Week: 
This week our goal is to make any necessary adjusts to our draft wireframe. The community admins and eventually the broader Oppia community will be giving us feedback on how to improve the UI based on their experiences working with the parents, teachers, and students. 

Future: 
Within the next two weeks we will most likely begin coding and actively using the skills we learned in past classes on GitHub.

The Cathedral and The Bazaar:
Prior to when this class began, I mentioned to my current employer that I was taking a class on open source. He immediately suggested that I read this book regardless of whether it was taught in class or not and I couldn't agree more. I found this book and it’s lessons valuable in both the open source setting and also in life as a software engineer. The lesson that I found most impactful is “To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you.” As I was looking for full-time employment, this was something I constantly challenged myself to think about in order to have the happiest and most productive first job experience. I enjoyed the in class discussion and lessons from this book so much so that I decided to pick up another book called Rebel’s Code: Linux and the Open Source Revolution that discusses similar ideas about Open Source and how it began. 

Guest Speaker:
I enjoyed Gil’s presentation and his advice on how we could better market ourselves using our Github platform. Prior to this class and that discussion, I had very limited, meaningful things on my GitHub. After our meeting with Mr. Yehuda, I thought to take a bit of time to clean up and organize the things that I have presented on my GitHub account. Additionally I went on sites such as HackerNoon to get some further advice on what to add, how I should present things, etc. to make myself marketable for future employers.  


