
Project Progress:

So far, Karishma, Priya, and I have successfully gone through three drafts of wireframing and we are now in the process of beginning to explore the code base. Yesterday, we had our weekly meeting with the admins and during that meeting our wireframes were approved of and we received the “go ahead” to code the web pages. Additionally, we were asked to build a mobile version of our site. Overall, when reflecting on this portion of the process in building the website, I did enjoy wireframing on Figma, however, this did take longer than expected but the results are great. 

Project Future Plans:

This week we will focus on building the mobile wireframes and also coding the pages for the site. This portion will most likely be easier because all of us are familiar with html/css. However, we will have to adjust to the coding standards that they might follow. Overall, I am looking forward to working on this portioning and opening up my first pull request!

Open Source on COVID19:

I found the class discussions around COVID19 both interesting and inspiring. Although computer scientists, programmers, or engineers are not considered frontline workers, I think that their efforts to help in some capacity has made significant strides and progress in an effort to create accessible testing, PPE, and aggregate data/information. When I think about open source and its potential for social good, these are the examples I think of. As a computer science major, I think that as we help to forward technology as a means to forward businesses and communities, it is also important to come together for social good and support others even if it is not lucrative. COVID19 has challenged all of us to come together in the name of humanity and good, so it is refreshing to see people taking initiative in the open source space to help others.

Other Important Information: 

Although this is not directly about open source, students have come together and aggregated information on jobs/internships that are still available during this time. As someone who has recently lost their job due to the virus, I leaned on these open communities for support and information to find and apply to jobs. If anyone reading this blogs is looking for a job or internship you can find some in the links below:

* [Google Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VL3GqkwWWjXuK6MHGxGq81sOf0GJRr8Gxn5dlcHBXVk/edit)

* [Handshake List](https://learn.joinhandshake.com/students/hiring-on-handshake-500/)

* [Angel List](https://angel.co/)
