---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

Project Updates:

Currently: 

We have finally begun coding our first page of the website and we are going to make our first pull request this evening! It is very exciting to have finally gotten to this point after many weeks of product development, designing, and editing our designs. 

Future: 

The next steps would be to create the next two web pages. Although this might not be completed by the end of the semester, we still plan on continuing this work till it is complete. 

Challenges: 

For reasons still unknown to me, I have lost the ability to push code onto any repositories. When I tried to push code, I received a fatal remote error. Due to this, the work-around has been to send any changed files to Priya or Karishma to push themselves. It has been quite unfortunate because I also have not been able to make other general contributions because of this as well. Despite this, however, my team has been supportive and patient so that I can still make meaningful contributions. 

Communication With the Oppia Team:

We have had weekly meetings with the team via Google Hangout and also communicate via email throughout the week. They have been supportive in helping us better understand the tech stack and also provided some guiding points on how to get started with coding. 

Main Take-Away: 

Although we just started coding, what this has shown me is that the planning and designing portion of building anything requires the most time. Priya, Karishma, and I have spent the last month working on documenting what we wanted the website to contain and how we wanted it to look. With the help of Oppia’s design team and copy team we were then able to go through several drafts and finally have an end product that we are proud of sharing. 
