---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

As we wrap up the end of the academic year, it has been a great opportunity to reflect on what I’ve learned so far about open source and my journey through my current project. 

Working with Oppia: 
I am incredibly grateful that I had the opportunity to work with the Oppia team on designing and implementing their partnership package. Throughout this process Karishma, Priya, and I have had the chance to connect with people across the globe to better understand their needs. Since then, we have worked closely to build a welcome guide for parents and teachers so that they can successfully use the Oppia web-app. 

Current Status: 
Karishma, Priya, and I are wrapping up the first web page of our site and have gotten a lot of feedback for our work. Our goal is to finish this page before the 14th. 

Challenges:
Although I have been able to actively use my GitHub again, I still cannot push changes to the repository if all the CL tests within Oppia do not pass. So, I am continuing to send edited files to Priya and Karishma to push for me 

Future Work: 
Although we will not finish this project by the time the class is over, we plan on continuing this work till all three webpages are complete. 

Takeaways: 
This class, by far, has been one of the best classes I have taken at NYU. I am leaving the class with a better grasp of skills in open source development and also the confidence to contribute! One of my next major open source contributions will be through [Bit Project](https://www.bitproject.org/). I am creating a Computer Ethics curriculum and will be writing content on the consequences of lack of diversity in tech, mishandling of data, and racism within ML/AI Models. 
s the most time. Priya, Karishma, and I have spent the last month working on documenting what we wanted the website to contain and how we wanted it to look. With the help of Oppia’s design team and copy team we were then able to go through several drafts and finally have an end product that we are proud of sharing. 
