---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


During class I enjoyed listening to other group presentations and of those presentations, two that stood out to me were Study Buddy and Table of Contents. Both were fantastic ideas that I personally would want as an extension. After hearing those presentations, I went ahead and looked to see if Chrome had a similar step-by-step guide to making file extensions that Mozilla FireFox had. Conveniently I found it with ease (check this link here) and began after finding this resource, I began thinking about other file extensions I could create for my benefit and others.  

My groups extension allowed users to change the design of their cursor to an emoji (hammer, neutral face, and mind-blown face). Although it is not as useful relative to the other extensions I mentioned, it still was a great learning experience to work with Li and Ryan on this project. My style of working matched theirs so we were able to meet and work efficiently on the group project. If I were to do a similar project with them again, I would spend a bit more time on the creative-thinking stage when deciding on what kind of project to work on. I would challenge them, and myself, to think more creatively on how we can use our skills best to create an interesting and cool project.  

Challenging myself to work on more creative and interesting open source projects this semester will be a great opportunity to not only learn about this process but also contribute to an project I am passionate about. Working with Li and Ryan was a great way for me to gain insight on my team-working preferences and also recognize what kinds of personalities I work best with. 
 

