---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

In light of current events, it has been interesting to transition to having class and working with my team members remotely. Despite the abrupt change, my team and I have been able to figure out an optimal time for all of us to meet-up as well as find a project we are all interested in. 

Moving forward, we will be working on Oppia, an online learning platform used by hundreds of thousands of individuals across the globe who don’t have access to traditional forms of education. This learning tool is particularly critical in developing nations that have been affected by war, political conflict, or lack of educational infrastructure needed for students’ success. 

My team (Priya and Karishma) and I have been in contact with one of Oppia’s admins, Sean Lip, who has helped us decide on a project to work on as well as followed-up with us so that we could have team meetings with him and other admins. 

Our project will be focusing on creating a partnership package that would include information for parents and instructors that will help guide them on how to support their child(ren)/students best. We will be creating a website to display all of the information but further details on the content will be discussed in a group meeting this Friday. As of now, we will be creating a document detailing Priya’s, Karishma’s, and my ideas to present during that meeting on Friday. Based on what is discussed, we will move forward with plans on building the site. 


